Minutes of the Kasangati G40 Kwagalana AGM Meeting held on the 27th September ,2025 at Hot Topic Bar and Restaurant 
Attendance
Christopher Muhoozi -                                          Chairperson
Robert Tabula –                                                      Deputy chairperson
Moreen Tabula 
Rita.S. Nakyanzi 
Justine k. Inhensikoko
 Gerald Barasa 
Ralph Masaba
 Francis Banumba 
 Dan Rwebingira 
Olivia Nakayiza.B –                                                Minute secretary
 Mary Babirye
Joshua Sewanyana
Jude Tadieus Kyobe-                                              General secretary
Josephine Kyobe
Charles Oketcho
Absent with apology
Denis Tugume
Paul kalemba
Ezra Nayoga
Brian Mutiga
In attendance
 Simon Ssemanganda (legal consult)
Agenda 
Opening prayer
Welcome remarks from the chair and the presentation of his report
Presentation of the legal report
Presentation of the financial statement for the year ending on 30th June,2026
Reactions
Presentation of the Budget
Presentation of the audited financial status
Resolutions
A.O.B
Adjournment
MIN O1: OPENING PRAYER
The meeting started with prayer made by Mr. Ralph Masaba at 2:00 PM, who asked God to guide members throughout the entire meeting.
MIN 02: WELCOME REMARKS FROM THE CHAIR
He welcomed members to the meeting and thanked them for coming despite their busy schedules and read out the agenda.
Proposal to adopt the agenda presented and it passed which provided a start with lunch when ready.
 He said he had received apologies from some members as stated above and others requested to join the meeting late. 
MIN 03: PRSENTATION OF THE ANNUAL REPORT
The detailed report was presented by the deputy chair Mr. Tabula Robert and it entailed the following:
The credit committee disbursed a total 151 million
The expected interest was 20.1 million with 15,960,000 already realised 
The pending interest was UGX 4.1m
The Board considered a review of the lending rate from 4% to 2% per month subject to approval of the AGM
The penalty for late payment be reduced to 2% from the current          10%
The company opened up an account with UAP and deposited 100m on 11th August 2025, expected return is UGX 12,973,000
He called upon timely payments of loans and requested for a way forward on Barasa’s unpaid up loan.
The welfare fund was approved by the Board and it has been functional with a fee of 25.000 shillings per month
He further requested members to fill in the BIO-DATA forms providing details of their beneficiaries.
MIN 04: PRESENTATION OF THE LEGAL REPORT
This report was presented by Mr. Simon Ssemaganda on behalf of her excellence Honourable Justice Mary Babirye.
He said there were delays in filing the amendments and returns.
He advised the legal team and internal audit committee to prepare all the required documents to start filing for returns with URA and pay taxes as well. 
He further suggested that For the Fy 25/26 – The returns for the year must be filed 
A detailed document was submitted to the general secretary to follow up.
MIN 05: REACTIONS TO THE ABOVE PRESENTATIONS
Mr. Oketcho communicated Mr. Barasa response to his loan repayment and savings. He said he was still interested in being a member and requested up to November 2025 to clear up.
He further said he had some challenges but requested to make payments by December 2025. 
The dividend was 1.999.78 which it was agreed that members’ dividends first offset negatives and the balance be agreed on by individual member on how to use it.
The Secretariate communicated that the department will have all these documents ready by the following Monday.
Receipts
Payment vouchers
Requirements
Head paper
Company stamp
Bio data form 
MIN 06: AGM RESOLUTIONS 
Agreed to reduce interest rate to 24% per annum 2% per month making 12 % per annum.
The payment period was to be increased from 6 months to 10 months.
The Maximum loan to be given was increased from 15 to 25m payable in 6 months.
The raffle system was put to an end.
And it was agreed that after the end raffle, the 400,000 shall be put to savings to increase capital.
It was agreed that there be 2% for processing tax 
It was also agreed that there be penalties of late loan payment on principle of 5% for all principle payable for the month starting 1st July,2025
It was agreed to recruit a manager for the company to help run the daily activities of the company. 
 Members agreed to increase membership to 30.
About taking legal action on Mr. Barasa, it was agreed that he first makes a commitment letter to pay his loan balance.
MIN 07: A.O.B
A member suggested that we go back to visiting people’s homes to encourage members to come for the meetings.
Another suggested that meetings be communicated ahead of time for proper preparation to avoid members missing to attend.
It was communicated that all members’ children can be listed but only 4 children will be considered under welfare in case help is needed. 
The remaining raffle was going to be handled as follows
December – Oketcho
November – Barasa and Josephine
October – Brian and Ezrah
September – Jude and Paul
The next meetings were to be held in the following homes;
30th January, 2026 at Mr. Banumba’s home
April in Mrs Moreen tabula
July – AGM
MIN 08: ADJOURNMENT
There being no other business for discussed the meeting was adjourned at 6:00PM with a closing prayer by Mr. Tabula Robert.
Compiled by
........................................
Olivia Baraza
Minute secretary
chaired by
............................................
Mr. Muhoozi Christopher 
chairperson
  