0.1. INTRODUCTION   
Kasangati G40 Kwagalana Limited has a duty to ensure the health and social welfare support of its members as far as is reasonably practicable as per the Cooperative Societies Act Cap 112. 
We are committed to providing the necessary information, instruction and supervision and or training to ensure the social welfare of our members. 
This policy applies to all members of Kasangati G40 Kwagalana Limited and it shall incorporate the following areas: 
Medical cover 
Death and funeral cover 
Weddings, Introductions and Anniversaries
0.2. PURPOSE  
The purpose of this policy is to ensure that all members of Kasangati G40 Kwagalana Limited access equitable assistance in case of emergence and need for support as per the cooperative societies act and the cooperative principles of equality and equity.  
0.3. Medical cover: 
Whereas the Sacco recognizes the need for decent medical care for all members, it is our pledge to provide partial contribution towards medical bills for the members who have been involved in major accidents, major surgeries and any other critical illness like cancer, Heart Attack/ Failure, stroke, Neurological Disease, kidney or any major organ Failure, Paralysis, Brain Tumor or Injury (that incapacitate a member from carrying on their daily duties). The policy will provide 1.000.000 shillings to help a member out.
N.B
This policy will NOT cater for accidents arising from recklessness or self-inflicted injuries where the victim is the cause of such accident or injury (for example accidents caused by drunken driving). 
In cases of sickness or accident, the chairperson welfare committee or any other member of the committee should be notified immediately for better preparation. 
All claims under this section shall only be verified by the welfare committee with the guidance of the the BOARD.  
0.4. Death and funeral cover: 
Loss of a loved one can be quite disheartening without the support of family and friends. To grieve with a bereaved member, shall provide a partial contribution towards funeral expenses for self and immediate family members registered in the members Bio data form as follows:  
Member 
 
2,000,000/= 
 
Spouse
                   
1,000,000/= 
Biological Parents           1,000,000/=
Guardian                          1,000,000/= 
Child                 1,000,000/= 
NB:  
The funeral cover will be subject to only registered family members on the Bio Data Form.
This policy will cover for only one guardian in the absence of biological parents.
Individual contributions towards other family members not listed above will continue as it has been.
0.5. Weddings, Introductions and Anniversaries: 
Marriage functions can be quite stressful without the help of friends and family.
As by policy, we Kasangati G40 Kwagalana Limited will provide at least 1,000,000/= towards a member going through either an introduction, wedding and wedding anniversary function. 
A contribution of 1,000,000/= will be made towards the wedding of every member’s biological child going through a wedding as captured on the Bio Data Form. 
On a member’s wedding anniversary. The committee will wish to celebrate with the member by giving him or her an E-Card.
NB:     
A new member shall qualify for the full benefit after saving for at least 6 months with the company.  
This policy will cover for all the children registered by the member.
Individual contributions towards these functions will continue according to the member’s wish.
This policy will cover only one of the functions: either introduction or wedding or celebration of wedding anniversary.
2.0 PRIVACY POLICY: 
Kasangati G40 Kwagalana Limited is committed to providing quality services to all the members without prejudice and is obliged to the members in respect on how we manage your personal information. We have adopted the Data Protection and Privacy Act of Uganda (2019), which will govern the way we collect, use, disclose, store, secure and dispose of personal information of our members.  
Community welfare: 
Being cognizant of our corporate social responsibility, the the Limited will undertake one community welfare project as a way of giving back to the community. The welfare committee in consensus with the members will identify such a need in the community and will after verification and careful study forward the same to the The BOARD for funding. The amount shall be determined by the The BOARD and shall be included in the budget for every financial year.   
3.0. RESPONSIBILITIES: 
The welfare committee shall be constituted of four members elected by the AGM. 
The committee will serve a term of one year 
It is the responsibility of the chairperson welfare committee via the chairperson of the THE BOARD to verify and process all claims before they are forwarded to the treasurer for payments.  
It is the mandate of every member Kasangati G40 Kwagalana Limited to provide the office with all necessary bio data/ information for express handling of welfare claims.  
The welfare board will support steps taken to develop the culture of cooperation, trust and mutual respect within the organisation. 
The welfare board shall encourage initiatives and events that promote health and well-being of all members.  
The welfare board will seek information from other organisations in order to ensure the social wellbeing of all members.  
3.1. MONITORING AND EVALUATION: 
The content of this policy and its effectiveness will be reviewed on an annual basis at the AGM of the Kasangati G40 Kwagalana Limited members.  
4.0. DEFINITIONS:  
“The board” means the Kasangati G40 Kwagalana Limited
“The committee” means the welfare committee 
“Members” refers to the registered members of Kasangati G40 Kwagalana Limited
“Bio data form” means a form showing the personal details of every member. 
“Annual General Meeting “means a meeting of all members of the Limited usually convened at the end of the year. 
“Introduction” means a traditional marriage function.
“Wedding” means holy matrimony.
“Accident” means an unexpected event with negative consequences occurring without the intention of the one suffering the consequences.
4.0. LEGAL FRAME WORK/ REFERENCES  
This policy derives its mandate from: 
The 1995 constitution of the republic of Uganda. 
Cooperative Societies Act Cap 112. 
Data Protection and Privacy Act of Uganda (2019) 
The national welfare policy guidelines (2020) 
APPENDICES 
Bio data form 